hi guys I'm currently in a contest
hopefully when a trip to New York and I
just want to take a moment to please ask
you guys to vote for me if you want to
support me in that I'll have all the
information on how you can help below
this video so make sure you expand the
info bar there's a link there and I
really love to do a meet and greet in
New York but I need your help to get
there and every vote counts you can vote
once a day so I really appreciate it if
you took just that minute out of your
life to go ahead and vote for me and
I'll have all that information down here
so make sure to go and check that out if
you want to support me thank you so so
much from the bottom of my heart and
let's get back to the regular scheduled
programming
hi guys so today I'm doing a really fun
and create up a look and I'm doing a
floral mask which I thought it's perfect
for summer obviously I know this isn't
like a very wearable natural look but I
love doing these looks once a while on
YouTube just because they're fun to
watch it's different than all the sort
of natural looks that are out there and
it's just it's just fun to be creative
with makeup and that's really something
I love about makeup I wanted it to look
almost like impressionist you can see
the brushstrokes I wanted it to look
very textured like the flowers should
look really textures I've got a blue one
and a red one and then I added these
curly Q's up here and some rhinestones
just to make it a bit more decorative
and yeah that is the look so it's a
really fun mask it is quite time
consuming but it was so much fun to film
so yeah I hope you guys enjoy watching
this and if you wanna see how to do it
or how I did this then just stick around
so you first want to outline the flower
and the leaf design on your face using a
Kohl pencil and this is gonna work as a
guide for color placement so don't worry
if it's not perfect you can always
correct it as you go
now for this look I'm using the mayor on
paradise pallets and tropical and pastel
and these are water activated base
paints that will help to make the colors
extremely vibrant use a paintbrush and
some water to work the product until you
get a very smooth texture and then begin
to fill in the flower petals so go ahead
and fill in both the flowers and the
leaves I'm going to add some dimension
to the petal so that they look more
realistic you want to use a white
eyeshadow to create a light Center part
for the petals
next I'm working with the Ben Nye grand
linear palette now this is hands-down my
favorite eyeshadow palette when doing
bright looks use a medium pink shade to
fill in the petals
darken the outer part of the petal with
a hot pink shadow this is going to make
them look more realistic and
three-dimensional I'm using the flat tip
of the Mac 239 brush for this and then
gently blending out the harsh lines then
you want to repeat the same process with
the blue petals this is pretty
time-consuming but it's going to help to
make the flowers look much much nicer
now moving onto the leaves darkening the
outer edge with a dark green color
then use a chartreuse green on a soft
blending brush to fill in the center of
the leaves
use a face paints again and a thin
artists brush to outline the petals
you've created you want to make them
look more defined and textured and this
is gonna take a city hand but don't
worry if it's not totally perfect
I'm using a slightly thinner brush now
to add texture to the petals I was going
for an impressionist look where you can
see the actual brushstrokes
use a lighter shade of the same color to
add some highlight between the
brushstrokes
the yellow accent in the center of the
petals mimics a stigma and creates a
nice complement to the colors you've
already used okay time to get creative
I found this look just needed a little
bit more something a little bit more
decoration so I used a black cake
eyeliner to add these really fun curly
cues now this is totally up to you how
far you want to go just have fun with it
remember there's no right or wrong here
blew on some rhinestones for a bit of
sparkle I use duo lash glue for this
since there's already so much color in
the mask I decided to go for ultra and
nude lips and that's it I really hope
you enjoyed watching this creative and
colorful makeup tutorial if you liked it
subscribe and give me a thumbs up thanks
so much guys also follow me on Twitter
and Facebook for sneak previews of
upcoming looks bye
Oh